General, is that you?
It's me, it's really me.
Sorry, okay, you're pretending, what are you looking at here?
Father, you are my whole life,
Invite my sinful woman.
Father, I have never been too busy,
Come to me if you have anything to do. I'm talking about your unfailing maleness.
You know it all.
No grass, who is it?
Father. Even so, I will take you,
It's a true feeling.
Regardless of the masses' ranks, I will keep you in check.
In the past three years, you have accounted for a lot,
Everything in this suit.
Let me do my job. First, it is just a matter of tune.
Father. Although I am not,
But I take your feelings with you.
Regardless of the bottom.
I have deceived Your Majesty
It's better for me to do it with my own hands
Your tribe is guilty of bullying the army
The saved brother was dumbfounded
How to harm ghost people
Are you trying not to lose my power?
I blocked the new meaning
Because one day you abandoned this place
I have no choice
After the people of the entire country are blocked,
Don't bother
If you want it
Accurately for several days
That's because I made you stupid with my own hands. Don't you be afraid?
Pre-recognition of leave itself